---
author: "Ziv Shkedy and Julie Josse"
banner: ""
categories: ["news"]
date: 2018-00-00
description: ""
tags: ["community", "education"]
title: HavanaR Workshop 2018
slug: havanar
---

The first meeting of R users in Cuba, HavanaR! club 2018, will take place From 29-10-2018 to 02-11-2018. The workshop is organized jointly by the Group of Probability and Statistics of Universidad de La Habana, the >eR-Biostat initiavle, I-Bioest, Hasselt University, Belgium and the R Forward taskforce.

 

 

The workshop will be focus on visualization methods and exploratory analysis of high dimensional and multivariate datasets.

 

Program:

 

29/10: Basic concepts of exploratory data analysis using R. Exploratory Analysis of high dimensional data using R (Adetayo Kasim, Durham University, UK and Ziv Shkedy, Hasselt University, Belgium).
30/10: Exploratory Analysis of high dimensional data using R (Adetayo Kasim and Ziv Shkedy, a.s.kasim@durham.ac.uk , ziv.shkedy@uhasselt.be).
31/10: HavanaR! Club 2018: The Cuban R users workshop with presentations of the participants.
01/11: Exploratory Multivariate Data Analysis using R (Julie Josse,  Ecole Polytechnique , France, julie.josse@polytechnique.edu).
02/11: Exploratory Multivariate Data Analysis using R (Julie Josse)
 

The workshop is free but registration in mandatory. Registration can be done by email to erbiostat@gmail.com or cbouza2002@gmail.com.

 

More details and materials  will be available online in https://er-biostat.github.io/Courses/ Updates about the workshop will communicate in FACEBOOK (https://www.facebook.com/ER-BioStat-1463845487001786/) and Twitter (@erbiostat).