---
author: "Ziv Shkedy and Julie Josse"
banner: "/images/blog/havanar/universidad_de_la_habana_fachada.jpg"
categories: ["news"]
date: 2018-07-02
description: "Announcement of joint >eR-Biostat and Forwards workshop in Havana, on visualisation methods and exploratory analysis of high dimensional and multivariate datasets in R."
tags: ["community", "education"]
title: HavanaR Workshop 2018
slug: havanar
---

The first meeting of R users in Cuba, HavanaR! Club 2018, will take place from 29-10-2018 to 02-11-2018. The workshop is organized jointly by the Group of Probability and Statistics of Universidad de La Habana, the >eR-Biostat initiative, the Center for Statistics, CenStat & I-Biostat, Hasselt University, Belgium and Forwards.

 

 

The workshop will focus on visualisation methods and exploratory analysis of high dimensional and multivariate datasets.

 

Program:

 

29-Oct: Basic concepts of exploratory data analysis using R. Exploratory Analysis of high dimensional data using R (Adetayo Kasim, Durham University, UK, a.s.kasim@durham.ac.uk and Ziv Shkedy, Hasselt University, Belgium, ziv.shkedy@uhasselt.be).
30-Oct: Exploratory Analysis of high dimensional data using R (Adetayo Kasim and Ziv Shkedy).
31-Oct: HavanaR! Club 2018: The Cuban R users workshop with presentations of the participants.
01-Nov: Exploratory Multivariate Data Analysis using R (Julie Josse,  Ecole Polytechnique, France, julie.josse@polytechnique.edu).
02-Nov: Exploratory Multivariate Data Analysis using R (Julie Josse).
 

The workshop is free but registration in mandatory. To register please send an email to erbiostat@gmail.com or cbouza2002@gmail.com.

 

More details and workshop materials  will be available online at https://er-biostat.github.io/Courses/. 
All updates about the workshop will be anounced on the Facebook page (https://www.facebook.com/ER-BioStat-1463845487001786/) and Twitter (@erbiostat).
